 * Si2(Mafia_Deal)
	Mission starts during a cease-fire, so hold fire until the first two objectives are completed.
	Secure the bridge: Cross the bridge and go behind the detonator device
	Free the prisoners: no action required from you, just wait and see
	After that, business as usual..

 * Ac1(Race)
	Use bigger vehicles along the route to push overturned cars back on the wheels.
	When you host a racing server, increase the maxinactivity value up to the roundlimit runtime, 
	e.g. "maxinactivity 1200" is for 20 minutes. 
	Otherwise clients might get disconnected if they only drive.

 * Alps1 Easteregg
	Instead of the corpses (cf. Singleplayer), take 2 hunter caps and 1 grey helmet on top of the large boulder
	near the T junction, the whole team must gather there as well.

 * Africa1 Easteregg
	Kill the officer who's telling you about Schumann's flight plan. Now park the Jeep inside
	the trench (same location as in singleplayer easteregg), stay next to the jeep
	(not further away then 10m) and let it explode.

 * Al2(Hunedoara)
	To activate the easteregg you have to destroy 4 skulls which are scattered on the map.
	(e.g. one is hidden in a waste-paper basket)
	Hereafter you are able to use the radio and have a look outside and up the sky..

 * Civil Uniform Mod
	Not installed by default, please check cmp_optional folder
	Model Ci09 was overwritten to make female civilian clothes available
	on both sides.
	Replaced face-maps:
	e_f002.bmp, x_f_002.bmp, e_f048.bmp, x_f_048.bmp, e_f063.bmp, x_f_063.bmp, 
	e_f064.bmp and x_f_064.bmp

 * Czech5
	Don't let the convoy escape. (drives from south-east to sout-west)

 * Cz1(The_Train)
	Contact the Ally in the small house near the station building before raising any alarm.

 * Li2(Tiger Tomb)
	Don't waste the cannon ammo of the tanks. Use only one tank after another when playing as team. 

 * Li3(Scorpio)
	It's almost impossible to attack the village from the spawn point at the trenches.
	Better find another way into the village...

 * Cz3(Ostwind)
	Destroy the Panther tank near the lumbermill before you enter the allied Sherman tank.

 * Poland(Enemy HQ)
	Try to approach the complex from the west side to get behind the execution squad.

 * Norway
	Watch out especially for the soldier on the crow's nest and soldiers patroling on the Tirpiz 
	which observe the minesweeper from time to time. (Binoculars recommended!)

 * Ac1(Ext)Day, Ac1(Ext)Night
	At the end, when you have to assemble, you can choose between the docks and the underground entrance.

 * Br(Blitz)
	Submarine commander(SC) has the documents and a key to a locked room where he can raise alarm.
	Inside this room there's also an required map.
	So do not kill him when he is in this room, behind locked door.

	You will have to destroy radiostation and get documents from radio operator,
	if he notices you he will raise alarm
	
	To avoid alarm, switch off power generator or kill SC and radio operator.

	Officer has key to Sub side-door.

	Maps are located in rooms inside the base.

	Equipment for this mission is limited, find another way to destroy vehicles.
